[Metrics] Add API server and GPU metrics (#5907)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/api-server/helm-values-spec.rst

  apiService:
    skypilotDev: false

.. _helm-values-apiService-metrics:

``apiService.metrics``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Configuration for metrics collection on the API server.

Default: see the yaml below.

.. code-block:: yaml

  apiService:
    metrics:
      enabled: true
      port: 9090

.. _helm-values-apiService-metrics-enabled:

``apiService.metrics.enabled``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Enable metrics collection for the API server. If this is enabled and the API server image does not support metrics, the deployment will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable (exposing API metrics)[Link to docs/source/reference/api-server/examples/api-server-metrics-setup.rst] from the API server. If this is enabled and the API server image does not support metrics, the deployment will fail.
```
